build/bazel/remote/execution/v2/platform.md, before:

# Platform Lexicon

This lexicon defines standard platform property names and values that servers
MAY support in the `Platform` message to facilitate interoperability.

The following standard property `name`s are defined:

* `OSFamily`: This describes the operating system family. Multiple values
  are not allowed and an exact match is required.

  The following standard values are defined:

    - `aix`
    - `freebsd`
    - `linux`
    - `macos`
    - `sunos`
    - `windows`

  Additional values may be defined by the server. For other POSIX systems
  the recommendation is to use the output of `uname -s` in lower case.

* `ISA`: This describes the instruction set architecture including
  instruction set extensions and versions. Multiple values are allowed. If
  multiple values are specified, they are AND-ed together: the worker is
  required to support all of the listed values.

  The following standard instruction set architecture values are defined:

    - `arm-a32` (little endian)
    - `arm-a32-be` (big endian)
    - `arm-a64` (little endian)
    - `arm-a64-be` (big endian)
    - `arm-t32` (little endian)
    - `arm-t32-be` (big endian)
    - `la64v100` (little endian)
    - `power-isa-be` (big endian)
    - `power-isa-le` (little endian)
    - `rv32g` (little endian)
    - `rv64g` (little endian)
    - `sparc-v9` (big endian)
    - `x86-32`
    - `x86-64`

  The following standard instruction set extension and version values are
  defined:

    - `arm-neon`
    - `arm-sve`
    - `arm-vfpv3`
    - `arm-vfpv4`
    - `armv6`
    - `armv7`
    - `armv8`
    - `x86-avx`
    - `x86-avx2`
    - `x86-avx-512`
    - `x86-sse4.1`
    - `x86-sse4.2`

  Additional values may be defined by the server. Vendor-neutral names are
  recommended.

  Clients SHOULD NOT request instruction set extensions or versions without
  requesting an instruction set architecture.

  Examples with multiple values:

  ```json
  // (Platform proto)
  {
    "properties": [
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "x86-64"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "x86-avx2"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

  ```json
  // (Platform proto)
  {
    "properties": [
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-a64"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "armv8"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-sve"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

  ```json
  // (Platform proto)
  {
    "properties": [
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-a32"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "armv7"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-vfpv4"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

Commit message:

Mention that predefined properties can be added by filing issues (#247)
As discussed during the monthly working group meeting, let's explicitly
document that people can also just submit issues to get constants added
in case they are unable to sign the CLA.

build/bazel/remote/execution/v2/platform.md, after:

# Platform Lexicon

This lexicon defines standard platform property names and values that servers
MAY support in the `Platform` message to facilitate interoperability. New
values can be added by submitting a PR against this repository, which requires
signing the [Google CLA](https://opensource.google/documentation/reference/cla).
If signing the Google CLA is undesirable, you may submit an issue instead.

The following standard property `name`s are defined:

* `OSFamily`: This describes the operating system family. Multiple values
  are not allowed and an exact match is required.

  The following standard values are defined:

    - `aix`
    - `freebsd`
    - `linux`
    - `macos`
    - `sunos`
    - `windows`

  Additional values may be defined by the server. For other POSIX systems
  the recommendation is to use the output of `uname -s` in lower case.

* `ISA`: This describes the instruction set architecture including
  instruction set extensions and versions. Multiple values are allowed. If
  multiple values are specified, they are AND-ed together: the worker is
  required to support all of the listed values.

  The following standard instruction set architecture values are defined:

    - `arm-a32` (little endian)
    - `arm-a32-be` (big endian)
    - `arm-a64` (little endian)
    - `arm-a64-be` (big endian)
    - `arm-t32` (little endian)
    - `arm-t32-be` (big endian)
    - `la64v100` (little endian)
    - `power-isa-be` (big endian)
    - `power-isa-le` (little endian)
    - `rv32g` (little endian)
    - `rv64g` (little endian)
    - `sparc-v9` (big endian)
    - `x86-32`
    - `x86-64`

  The following standard instruction set extension and version values are
  defined:

    - `arm-neon`
    - `arm-sve`
    - `arm-vfpv3`
    - `arm-vfpv4`
    - `armv6`
    - `armv7`
    - `armv8`
    - `x86-avx`
    - `x86-avx2`
    - `x86-avx-512`
    - `x86-sse4.1`
    - `x86-sse4.2`

  Additional values may be defined by the server. Vendor-neutral names are
  recommended.

  Clients SHOULD NOT request instruction set extensions or versions without
  requesting an instruction set architecture.

  Examples with multiple values:

  ```json
  // (Platform proto)
  {
    "properties": [
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "x86-64"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "x86-avx2"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

  ```json
  // (Platform proto)
  {
    "properties": [
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-a64"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "armv8"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-sve"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```

  ```json
  // (Platform proto)
  {
    "properties": [
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-a32"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "armv7"
      },
      {
        "name": "ISA",
        "value": "arm-vfpv4"
      }
    ]
  }
  ```
